Release 223.0.0 (#4810)
MetaMask/core: packages/assets-controllers/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [39.0.0]

### Changed

> - **BREAKING:** `AccountTrackerController`, `CurrencyRateController`, `TokenDetectionController`, `TokenListController`, and `TokenRatesController` now use the new polling interface from ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752)). `startPollingByNetworkClientId` is now `startPolling`. And `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object, instead of a network client id.

Reviewer: nit: The updates to the inherited methods should be highlighted as independent breaking changes.

```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `AccountTrackerController`, `CurrencyRateController`, `TokenDetectionController`, `TokenListController`, and `TokenRatesController` now use a new polling interface that accepts the generic parameter `PollingInput` ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The inherited `AbstractPollingController` method `startPollingByNetworkClientId` has been renamed to `startPolling` ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The inherited `AbstractPollingController` method `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object of type `PollingInput`, instead of a network client id ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
```
